Mrs. Luo
Luo Yingxue is really dead
Are you sure?
How can I live if I'm out of breath?
Luo Yingxue, aren't you arrogant?
Still not dead at my hands
Xu Mei, I haven't been by your side all these years
You and your mother suffered
Dad, you remember us best
How could you forget?
You're my only daughter.
What is the most beautiful?
Mr. Luo is your father
Hmm that
Now that we are ready to get married
I'll tell you the truth about this.
You hurt me
Allow me to make up for it immediately
My dad has promised to make you the master
Good.
But now the owner is my dad
I compete with him for position
Am I not well?
Hmm, what's wrong?
Yang Wendong, the old man
How dare you find me a mistress
I can't spare him
Mom
Okay, don't think too much.
Come and listen to the third master
Wait to take your dad's place